Little fish
Dad?
Sorry.
If I hadn't been taken away
Will you be able to live well?
Mr. Song reporters are waiting for you
I declare
All assets of Joy Group
Donate all of it to the Building Children's Fund
Mr. Song, are you sure you want to put the value?
Did the 100 billion Joy Group donate all of it?
Are you crazy?
I object.
The old lady has to rely on the pleasure group to send her to death
You respect me so much
I am your mother
You also know that you are my mother
If it weren't for you and Ye
Tiancheng cornered my dad
Will my dad die?
I really regret it.
Got into your car at the gate of Red Star Primary School
If I could do it all over again
I will never go with you
Who do you like to be with?
I want the money anyway
Not a penny less
I declare
This concludes the press conference
Forget it, come back to me
Your wings are hard now, right?
If you don't give me the money
I'll go find your dead father Wang
If I could do it all over again
I will definitely live well with my dad
Xiaoyue, wake up
Don't scare daddy
Dad, please!
Hongxin Primary School
20 years ago
I was actually born